docs(1.7.0): update important-notes (#972)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/important-notes/_index.md

### Environment Check Script

> Since Longhorn v1.7.0, we have introduced the [Longhorn Command Line Tool](../advanced-resources/longhornctl/). The functionality of the environment check script, [environment_check.sh](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/master/scripts/environment_check.sh) overlaps with that of the Longhorn Command Line Tool. Therefore, the script has been deprecated in v1.7.0 and is scheduled for removal in v1.8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functionality of the [environment check script](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/master/scripts/environment_check.sh) (`environment_check.sh`) overlaps with that of the Longhorn CLI, which is available starting with v1.7.0. Because of this, the script is deprecated in v1.7.0 and is scheduled for removal in v1.8.0.
```

        pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version: latest
   	```

### Command Line Tool

> The `longhornctl` command line tool was introduced in v1.7.0. It interacts with Longhorn by creating Kubernetes Custom Resources (CRs) and executing commands inside a dedicated Pod for in-cluster and host operations. Usage scenarios include installation, operations such as exporting replicas, and troubleshooting. For more information, please see [Command Line Tool (longhornctl)](../advanced-resources/longhornctl/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Longhorn CLI (binary name: `longhornctl`), which is the official Longhorn command line tool, was introduced in v1.7.0. This tool interacts with Longhorn by creating Kubernetes custom resources (CRs) and executing commands inside a dedicated pod for in-cluster and host operations. Usage scenarios include installation, operations such as exporting replicas, and troubleshooting. For more information, see [Command Line Tool (longhornctl)](../advanced-resources/longhornctl/).
```

```
From this version, you need to add group id 6 to the security context or run container as root. For more information, see [Longhorn PVC ownership and permission](../nodes-and-volumes/volumes/pvc-ownership-and-permission)

### Container-Optimized OS Support

> Longhorn currently supports Container-Optimized OS (COS), providing robust and efficient persistent storage solutions for Kubernetes clusters running on COS. For more information, see [link](../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/container-optimized-os-support/).  

Reviewer 2: Mention this feature starts from v1.7.0. 

```text
Starting with Longhorn v1.7.0, ...
```

Author: Updated. Thank you.

> Starting with Longhorn v1.7.0,, Longhorn supports Container-Optimized OS (COS), providing robust and efficient persistent storage solutions for Kubernetes clusters running on COS. For more information, see [link](../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/container-optimized-os-support/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Longhorn v1.7.0,, Longhorn supports Container-Optimized OS (COS), providing robust and efficient persistent storage solutions for Kubernetes clusters running on COS. For more information, see [Container-Optimized OS (COS) Support](../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/container-optimized-os-support/).  
```

> **Note:**  In rare circumstances, it is possible for the failover to become deadlocked. This happens if the NFS server pod creation is blocked by a recovery action that is itself blocked by the failover-in-process state.  If the feature is enabled, and a failover takes more than a minute or two, it is probably stuck in this situation.  There is an explanation and a workaround in [RWX Volume Fast Failover](../high-availability/rwx-volume-fast-failover).

> ### Support Configurable Timeout for Replica Rebuilding and Snapshot Cloning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Timeout Configuration for Replica Rebuilding and Snapshot Cloning
```

> Since Longhorn v1.7.0, configurable timeouts for replica rebuilding and snapshot cloning are supported. Prior to v1.7.0, the timeout for replica rebuilding was capped at 24 hours, which could cause failures for large volumes in slow bandwidth environments. Now, the timeout is still 24 hours by default but can be adjusted to accommodate different environments. More information can be found [Settings Reference](../references/settings/#long-grpc-timeout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v1.7.0, Longhorn supports configuration of timeouts for replica rebuilding and snapshot cloning. Before v1.7.0, the replica rebuilding timeout was capped at 24 hours, which could cause failures for large volumes in slow bandwidth environments. The default timeout is still 24 hours but you can adjust it to accommodate different environments. For more information, see [Long gRPC Timeout](../references/settings/#long-grpc-timeout).
```

To address the single point of failure (SPOF) issue with backing images, high availability for backing images was introduced in Longhorn v1.7.0. For more information, please see [Backing Image](../advanced-resources/backing-image/backing-image/#number-of-copies).

## Scheduling

### Auto-Balance Pressured Disks

> In Longhorn v1.7.0, the replica auto-balancing feature was enhanced to address disk space pressure from growing volumes, introducing a new setting, `replica-auto-balance-disk-pressure-percentage`, that allows users to set a threshold for automatic action. This update reduces the need for manual intervention by automatically rebalancing replicas during disk pressure and improves performance by enabling faster replica rebuilds using local file copying. For more information, see the [setting](../references/settings#replica-auto-balance-disk-pressure-threshold-) and this [link](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/4105).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The replica auto-balancing feature was enhanced in Longhorn v1.7.0 to address disk space pressure from growing volumes. A new setting, called `replica-auto-balance-disk-pressure-percentage`, allows you to set a threshold for automatic actions. The enhancements reduce the need for manual intervention by automatically rebalancing replicas during disk pressure, and improve performance by enabling faster replica rebuilding using local file copying. For more information, see [`replica-auto-balance-disk-pressure-percentage`](../references/settings#replica-auto-balance-disk-pressure-threshold-) and [Issue #4105](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/4105).
```
